Add a blog for removing cookie headers (#97)
readthedocs/ethicalads.io: content/posts/2021-can-you-remove-cookie-banners.md

> Title: Can you Eliminate Annoying Cookie Banners from your site?

Reviewer: We should either title case everything or not here. Probably need a small style guide for this, because I don't think we're consistent.

> Title: Can you Eliminate Annoying Cookie Banners from your site?

Author: ```suggestion
Title: Can you Eliminate Annoying Cookie Banners from your Site?
```

Author: We actually are pretty consistent across our blogs. We title case the title and just capitalize the first word of any headlines besides the title.

the experience is challenging on laptops. On mobile, it can be especially painful
with the cookie banner often occupying the majority of the smartphone's screen.

<div style="width: 300px; margin: 2rem auto;">
  <img class="w-100" src="{static}../images/posts/2021-cookie-banners-ft-example.png" alt="A cookie banner on the Financial Times taking up about half the screen">
  <p class="text-center"><small>A cookie banner on the Financial Times taking up about half the screen</small></p>
</div>

## Why exactly are these cookie banners needed?

The [EU's GDPR](https://gdpr.eu/cookies/) requires that web sites get consent from visitors *before* setting any non-essential cookies.
"Non-Essential Cookies" are those that are not strictly required for your site to function.
For example, a cookie to keep you logged in may be essential but an analytics cookie from a third-party would not be.
[California's Consumer Privacy Act](https://www.oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa) (CCPA) requires only that visitors be notified of the use of cookies
if they are used for the purpose of collecting personal information; consent is not required.

> ## How can a site legally eliminate cookie banners?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How can a site eliminate cookie banners?
```

Not legal advice :)

> The answer is actually easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The answer is simple in theory, but can be difficult depending on how your site works.
```

If you don't collect personal information or allow third parties to collect personal information
and you only set essential cookies,

> you will likely not need to set a cookie banner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will not need to set a cookie banner.
```

> For most sites, the cookies that trigger the laws and violate customer trust are the advertising cookies (e.g. Doubleclick)

Reviewer: `violate customer trust` feels a bit harsh here, especially when pointing at Google. Maybe:

```suggestion
For most sites, the cookies that trigger the laws and violate user privacy are advertising cookies 
```

> and web site analytics (e.g. Google Analytics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and website analytics.
```

Another style guide item :)

Until recently these have been difficult to do without.
Advertising is a proven business model for high traffic websites
and analytics are critical to understanding your site and users.

> However, the internet has responded to users demand for increased privacy by providing privacy aware services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the internet has responded to users demand for increased privacy by providing privacy-aware services.
```

> ## Privacy oriented services that eliminate the requirement of cookie banners

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Privacy-oriented services that eliminate the requirement of cookie banners
```

When it comes to analytics, the internet has seen a host of alternatives to industry giant Google Analytics come to market.
They include [Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com/web-analytics/),
[Fathom](https://usefathom.com),
[Plausible](https://plausible.io/) and more.
These either don't set cookies at all or can easily be configured not to.

> Finding a solution for internet advertising that doesn't trigger cookie banners or violate user's privacy has been a larger challenge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finding a solution for internet advertising that doesn't trigger cookie banners or violate user privacy has been a larger challenge.
```

Some ad tech companies are working hard to keep tracking and targeting users without cookies.

> This may meet the letter of the law (although maybe not) but definitely violates its intent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may meet the letter of the law, but definitely violates its intent.
```

This is one of the many reasons we built EthicalAds.
Our [vision for advertising]({filename}../pages/vision.md) is that ads can work well without tracking users.
Instead of setting advertising cookies and learning from users' browsing history,
we focus by advertising only to developers and target ads based on content alone.
And [this approach works]({filename}ethical-advertising-works.md)!

> If you're sick of the cookie banner you have just for advertising on your site,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're tired of seeing a cookie banner on your site,
```
